# Open Action Kit Project Meeting:  Nov 3
[Join hangout]( https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/calendar/cmNoYW1waWV1eEBnbWFpbC5jb20.i2451vnf2a73pbtp5m22qns7ug?authuser=0!)
[Github Repository](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit
)
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3LrgRFGBovxbmVWM0dyN1pmd0k)
[Meeting Notes Archive](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit/tree/master/meeting_notes)

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/Vi1YAP4jJen4I/giphy.gif)

### Meeting Chair: Camille :cat::smiley_cat::heart_eyes_cat::kissing_cat::scream_cat::crying_cat_face::joy_cat::pouting_cat::cat::smiley_cat::heart_eyes_cat::kissing_cat::scream_cat::crying_cat_face::joy_cat::pouting_cat:

### Agenda

November/December Events and Resources
* For each of the below, who's on deck to help, release/event dates, and what are the communication/delivery details:
    * Advice document
        * Branding
    * Twitter chat
        * Questions drafted, date needed!
    * Webcast
        * Early December target date
        * Presenter recruited, will be talked to afternoon 11/3 - other ideas for blog posts? 


### Notes
Camille hosting - tyvm! Lauren and Heather note-taking
* November/December Events and Resources
    * [Advice doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cUDSHQNe_vlkKrAdmkepnPoSFz7RrkTbbgSex6NtzfQ/edit) - tips for writing about stuff on CV / writing report
        * Lauren hasn't gotten much participation 
        * Could we invite specific people or groups to contribute? - people who left good feedback on the OA Kit? 
        * Maybe more people will use the resource and then report back after following the guide
            * Heather will write up at least 1 example 
        * 
    * Lauren to target having all info together by 11/10 for release on 11/15?
    * November Twitter chat #openpros
        * questions are in pretty good shape
        * November 16, 3pm Eastern! 
    * Webcast - #OpenPros - getting credit for all the varied work we do
        * identified one speaker, who is not a librarian
        * likely early December
        * need to identify a second speaker, possibly a librarian, to give context for why we need to claim credit for the work
    * Will need help with getting together all of the info about these things into a blast e-mail / tweets! Ali, could you help?
    * Branding of the Rerporting Advice document - Camille to help with branding 
        * Perhaps pull out static content, link to examples? 
        * Florida State reports from Camille
* The paper thing!  
    * Camille created an outline and reflection documents - please check these out!
        * share our experiences participating in the project & why we chose to do so
    * Q: how did we come up with the idea to do this project? mostly anecdotal? 
        * Thematic analysis of ECL Call notes to see how many times questions / needs related to OA Week materials are mentioned
        * look at responses / feedback to determine whether people needed this
        * Lauren (maybe Emma can help?) to look back at the notes from ECL calls to contextualize the OA Kit project (probably a project for Decemberish :) )




