# Open Action Kit Project Meeting:  Oct 6
[Join hangout]( https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/calendar/cmNoYW1waWV1eEBnbWFpbC5jb20.i2451vnf2a73pbtp5m22qns7ug?authuser=0!)
[Github Repository](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit
)
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3LrgRFGBovxbmVWM0dyN1pmd0k)
[Meeting Notes Archive](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit/tree/master/meeting_notes)

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/13ZVRnWnmSMaRy/giphy.gif)

### Meeting Chair: Camille :ghost::jack_o_lantern::crystal_ball::full_moon::fallen_leaf::zap::ghost::jack_o_lantern::crystal_ball::full_moon::fallen_leaf::zap:

### Agenda

* Quick update on October Part 1
    * Robin will finalize
        * Reminder email/tweets about already released resources
        * Connecting with different communities spreadsheet
    * Ali - Self Care
        * What form should this take and when should we release?
            * Ali can finish up, will finish up this weekend.  It will be more of a reminder and integrated into the email on the 10th.
                * Ali will also draft some tweets, that can go out OA week.  
    * The [not passive programing programming](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qX8cLl5zk9LiWpFjv_sfy1dee1JhaSaafxUCrhWk7j4/edit) ideas
        * Camille added some ideas of better names to the bottom of the doc.
            * We like "tactics" - Marketing & Awarness Tactics!
            * Sounds like we
    * Goal is to have at least Robin's parts released on **Tuesday the 10th**.
* [October Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oxGn2lOcq0q3bh-iKnkvhQT7WXAJPRTLhg4qxO4rB2I/edit#)
    * Chealyse already got us started on this :star::star:
        * Chealsye will take the lead and get a sense of what's needed, and if she wants more hands on deck.
    * If Chealsye is unavailable or wants help, who is available to help with finalizing?
        * She'll let us know via Slack.
    * Ideally released the week of Oct 16 or the week of the 23rd. 
        * Likely release on the website, similar to the materials Camille prepare for Setebmer and the promote via emails and twitter.  
* November - survey / form idea (Lauren) 
    * Soliciting ideas / advice / examples for reporting via a [form here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1VLZpGKkbm30YsANJ-cppr2qcGoZ0lHTe2sKgsahDVY8/edit) 
        * Lots of good feedback from team and thumbs up on wanting to do this.
            * Camille - suggesting additional question to get at more informal reporting.  
                * Lauren will add that in to check boxes, and think about it in terms of the survey more generally.
                * May be a separate project, but she'll put it on our list.
                * Next step, copy edit, brand, release.
*   Thanks to everyone for your hard work and creativity!:star::rainbow::star::rainbow:  
    *   More kudos received from Ali's colleague
    *   Camille forwarded some more aplause, pretty much echoing why we did this.
* Misc. Updates (if folks have them)
    * Paper
        * Can we do anything in support of the lead-up to support Camille.
            * Keep examples of what we did and impact.
            * Let's start doc, where we can drop random inspiration. 
                * Camille will start this.
            * Really awesome that the suggestion to do this came from a colleague of Camille's.
            * Ideally, would be good to get something in College and Research Libraries.  Will come out after the fact, but that's just fine. Guidelines here: http://crln.acrl.org/index.php/crlnews/about/submissions#authorGuidelines 
            * Are there any other newsletters we want to put it in.
                * local/regional newsletters.
                * Can pretty much use same posts, but tweak for local involvement.
    * Sparc "open in order to..." blog posts
* What are we all doing for OA Week? 
        * Camille - weekly tabling, getting people involved from the health sciences library. [TTU Open Access Week.](http://guides.library.ttu.edu/openaccess/openaccessweek)
        * Robin - Open Science panel and 2 workshops, with one focused on giving faculty tangiable example of how they can make their labs more open and reproducible.
        * Ali - lots of folks involved this year, Nick and Brady coming to help celebrate 10th aniversary of SURG (OA undergraduate journal). They will also be speaking at a student themed event (firing them up about OER), and a faculty/library event (speaking about OA more generally, getting them excited). Also organizing a postcard party (getting undergrads to fill out a postcard with the theme Open in Order to...) to display in the library (potentially deliver to Provost?). Also organizing a movie screening of Internet's Own Boy. 
        * Lauren - [Events list here.](http://openaccess.pitt.edu/events) One event has fallen through and is being postponed until January(ish).
* Reminders for next agenda:
    * Blog interviews

