# ECL OA Week Meeting: July 14
[Join hangout]( https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/calendar/cmNoYW1waWV1eEBnbWFpbC5jb20.i2451vnf2a73pbtp5m22qns7ug?authuser=0!)
[Github Repository](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit
)
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3LrgRFGBovxbmVWM0dyN1pmd0k)
[Meeting Notes Archive](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit/tree/master/meeting_notes)

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/l41lNRz0uXPQLm0RG/giphy.gif
)

### Agenda (Additions Welcome :smile: :pencil: :heart:)
#### This week's meeting chair:  Heather Coates :cat:
* Collaborate to finalize project intro & website front page
    * [Website](https://sparcopen.github.io/OA-Week-Toolkit/)
        * [Project / Idea submission form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JyhjMD66guWw0q29eQS-aTfS2kpnDJfFhO-qxztBehU/edit)
    * [Google Doc with project intro](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EspsvAGxfZ-K4o8aMj20iGFVBe5oCaJyxn9DzjQqwIQ/edit)
* Finalize July Librarian Community Call Talking Points
    * [Draft talking points](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17PTsVGlaLaxCc6dBWD3lYjrjXl_yuJCpvRDWX3Vo6Uw/edit)
    * Check-in with our awesome presenter/s
        * Ali and/or Camille for the win :100:
* Discuss How to Move the August Plan Forward
    * [plan and next steps](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14SQSuKmv-86i0T3l1F41GfaD8AylQ4WKxkJb0rIllcI/edit#heading=h.4wd4odbm7kfj)
* Sep - Nov Plan updates
    * Discuss questions & clarify 
        * Scope of this: we’re primarily NA-centric; ask NS how to deal with this (besides acknowledgement)
        * July intro email: do we need an introduction for the group’s work for the OA Week site? Or should we link to July kick off communication?
        * How will we help people find the “home” base for this group’s work if they stumble across a Tweet or another blog post? Do we want to create a unique URL/DOI to the readme or blog post to provide this context?
    * Discuss how to move forward in a clear, fun, and sustainable way
* [Doodle poll for Github/Markdown/Github Pages Learning Session](http://doodle.com/poll/8ab3y3fpytsag2xk)

![](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ElderlySpiffyFlies-size_restricted.gif)

Notes :pencil2: 
* Website
    * frame the project, emphasize the theme, tell people what's coming
    * since the site is built in Github pages, we can all edit the markdown files
    * this would be the home base - communication will point back to this
    * will speak about the site on the July ECL call
    * Are folks comfortable with putting their name on project? RC to send out email prompting us to supply some info
* Message is intended to introduce project, as well as welcome folks, and remind about OA Week theme.
* Dissemination
    * Don't create new account, push out from existing accounts (and our own)
    * Using OpenCon / SPARC accounts to amplify & keep track using hashtag of our choice
        * send Twitter messaging to Nick
* Project Submission / Idea form
    * Context
        * short and sweet
        * prompting, but not being too prescriptive
        * Get at that there is a spectrum through which you can evaluate impact.
    * Ask questions about building and learning (ie what happens next)
    * Consider logic at the beginning of the form with options (share an idea, submit a project)
    * Camille, Ali, and Robin can help with the form before Tuesday's call.
        * Support with figuring out logic of the form
        * Depending on how this works, can consider a generic form with multiple options that prompts people to open another link
        * Be flexible about what's ready on Tuesday - if form isn't ready or we want to add more later that's just fine. 
        * Camille - will take lead and write notes for herself.:smile:
    * Provide links to form in the call (if ready) but also send out through email, social media, + regular channels after the fact 
    * Wait to go live with the Github contributor guidelines until after the July ECL call
* We should test form for updates/communicating ideas before we go live
    * Heather is available for testing
* August Plan
    * Idea - take a quiz or use the matrix to be suggested ideas or support.
    * Everyone to assist with developing the August plan, assign yourself to things you're interested in (flesh out templates, provide suggestions or steps on how to do this)
    * Set deadline for Emma/Camille to operationalize the next steps/task.
        * Then team members can identify what we can contribute to.
        * Deadline for self assignments (once Emma and Camille have it ready), will be end of next week.
            * They'll ping us when gaps/action items are ready for review.
    * Also, there are gaps in this matrix that we can't fill with existing material.  But...
        * We can use our network/personal contacts to reach out to people doing great work in these areas.
            * They could share their wisdom in a variety of ways.
        * Also think about how we can prioritize crowdsourcing to fill in gaps and how this is probably easy/faster than reaching out to people indvidually.
* Are there core pieces that we need to address now for later months?
* Agenda for next call 
    * Assessment - enough to help people plan
    * How does the August content affect and shape the following month plans.
* Thus far, the plan we've created is very North American centric.
    * We should acknowledge this.
    * We should think about how this can be expanded to be more inclusive to other regions.
        * Think about we can pass this off.
            * Carry over this conversation to OpenCon & the OpenCon community, as well as other communities
            * But this can't be the only opportunity for people to get engaged
            * Need to recognize that the calls themselves are North American / English speaking centric.
            * Need to prioritize creating multiple avenues for engagment.
            * In November we can also identify people that can serve as bridge (if they are interested)
            * Need to be thoughtful about not exporting materials that don't make sense in other local contexts.
                * They get to drive what is and is not applicable or useful.
                    * To this point what might be more helpful is not focusing on the resources themselves, but speaking to the model and process.
* Project Name:
    * Open Action Kit :100:
* We'll be rotating project call chairs/MCs.
* If you haven't already, please fill out poll for Github learning session.


![](https://media.giphy.com/media/O6u9VMrmz7J9C/giphy.gif)
