# Open Action Kit Project Meeting: September 22
[Join hangout]( https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/calendar/cmNoYW1waWV1eEBnbWFpbC5jb20.i2451vnf2a73pbtp5m22qns7ug?authuser=0!)
[Github Repository](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit
)
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3LrgRFGBovxbmVWM0dyN1pmd0k)
[Meeting Notes Archive](https://github.com/sparcopen/OA-Week-Toolkit/tree/master/meeting_notes)

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/WS4mSwmLGpUje/giphy.gif)

### Meeting Chair: Robin :ghost::jack_o_lantern::crystal_ball::full_moon::fallen_leaf::zap::ghost::jack_o_lantern::crystal_ball::full_moon::fallen_leaf::zap:

### Agenda

* :tada: :tada: Congrats to us and go team!  First set of resources are out!
    * People have added resources and feel good about things -- woooo!
    * Kudos to Camille for doing heavy lifting on promo stuff! Kudos to Heather and Ali for communications! KUDOS TO ALL. WE RULE.
    * Threads on passive programming from Twitter chat may be helpful to launch additional resources - Lauren compiled these in a Google doc in our folder -- feel free to add / refine [Passive Programming Ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qX8cLl5zk9LiWpFjv_sfy1dee1JhaSaafxUCrhWk7j4/edit)

    * Resources/events we'll potentially launch later:
        * Blog interviews (Chealsye) - idea was Q+A with community members who represented our personas; could chat about actions they took in the past or things they have planned for this OA Week
            * Waiting for update on this
            * Do we need to refine the idea? Defer? What should we do for next steps?
                * Still useful, for future planning (esp wrt assessment)
                * Maybe include folks who used resources from this year? YES
                    * Bookmark folks who have engaged with us on Twitter, follow up with them (how did materials help them? get them to share process/tools behind it)
                * We're all slammed, could sell it as assessment thing or wait until next year
                * Touch base again in mid-October as we get closer to follow up period
        * Outcomes related to Twitter chat (which was a lot of fun, thanks Lauren!)
            * [Passive Programming Ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qX8cLl5zk9LiWpFjv_sfy1dee1JhaSaafxUCrhWk7j4/edit) / passive vs. active programming?
            * Embedded activities? Networked activities? Community building? Awareness building? CT to come up with a name by next week?
            * Storify from Twitter chat (Lauren to make soonish)
        * HC to modify comms plan to be more realistic (every couple of weeks, every week in October, potentially automated)
            * Need to remember that things need to be branded and put on GitHub before messages go out (except Community Resources document, which is living doc that folks can add to)
            * When communicating, have shorter blurbs; count on people finding things serendipitously 
            * For some listservs (eg SPARC) can't send weekly messages; not as much of a problem with Twitter; NS can pre-schedule them
            * AV and HC to write tweets for upcoming resources for Monday; assign people to do promotion for certain weeks
                
* [October Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oxGn2lOcq0q3bh-iKnkvhQT7WXAJPRTLhg4qxO4rB2I/edit#)
    * Finalize and identify point persons for deliverables
        * Part 1 (last minute reminders)
            * Much of this can be achieved by reminding people about the resources we've aready released, with a few add ons.
                * Robin is happy to work on Part 1 (hopefully with a partner); HC to figure out how to point back to things, RC to take lead on partnership; AV to chat about self-care (over next two weeks)
        * Part 2 (assessment toolkit which utilizes personas) (could get pushed out during OA week or following one)
            * Chealyse already got us started on this :star::star:
                * Who is available to help with finalizing?
                * Take a look at this portion of the October plan; if you're game to take it on, please let us know via Slack 
*   Tying up September communications
    *   Tweets
    *   Cross-posting to listervs
        * Go into promotion / communication schedule, add your intials to weeeks that you are available for
        * If you've signed up for a listserv, make sure you send out last week's communications *today*

* Collaborating on a paper...next steps
    * Two options: College + Research Libraries News if you don't need peer review
    * In the Library with the Lead Pipe - what's readership like?
    * First Monday - online collaboration; speaks to the context of our project
    * Ideas to focus on: management, way that we work, way that we formed
        * Start a document with things that we could talk about, different tacks to take
    * Journal of Collaborative Librarianship
    * More than one piece of writing that could come out of this - newsletter form (C+RL News), journal article, etc.
    * Start with Lit Review (CT to take on); each person write about their experience / perspective
    * Schedule a call after OA Week for how to get started

 * SPARC asking folks to write short blog posts about "Open in order to.." (ex as it relates to poverty, global health, etc.) to be put on microsite - would this be helpful?
     * YES. Helpful for admin and faculty. 
### Notes:
