### Agenda (Additions Welcome :smile: :pencil: :heart:)
#### This week's meeting chair:  Camille :star2: :100: :star: 
* August Plan
    * Task Descriptions and Next Steps
        * Internal due dates
        * External due dates
    * Dissemination plan
    * Using Github projects to organize and manage tasks
* Taking action on the [feedback / ideas we've received thus far](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15sC4qntUs4tOzIz03RtxNa8ZOdyMDAasJU4A55dpoCo/edit#gid=204097091). 
* Timing of social media blast (now or wait until August)
* Future months plan assessment (Per last our discussion, are there items in any of the plans that we need to start addressing now?)
* Outstanding tasks which need some help :smiley_cat: 
    * README & CONTRIBUTOR FILES

**Notes**

* If we dump everything at once, they're going to be overwhelmed.  Be more iterative - but refer back to earlier released resources.

* Communication plan:  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UkZ2UNWv4fNASyUMpN2jDulZXn9J9LcFl2XnYQNaSSA/edit#heading=h.1udsy6hao1q6

* Once we get a rough promo schedule, Ali & Heather will draft messages then we can refine.

* It would be helpful to have a public facing resease schedule.
    Heather will take the lead on this, Emma can help.
    
* We need finalize the plan for the "show and tells" - 
    * As we launch, really need to think about how we promote.
    * We can prove that the week can be used for lots of different kinds of engagement.
    * Questions are a loose template, will be customized for interviewee
    * Chealsye will take the lead on recruiting and question creation
    * Timing goal will be flexible - have X number by the end of the week.
        * The schedules of the people need to drive exact dates.
        * 
* Twitter chats:
    * Have a few people be on Twitter available to field questions about actions/events.
* Outstanding Items
    * Robin will draft CONTRIBUTING.md file; Heather & Camille will help review/refine.
* Quizz
    * Camille tried to address additional personas in the quizz
* Personas - there have been suggestions to add more personas for researchers, for example.
    * Rather than add new personas, make sure resources are speaking accross these different identities.
        * Timeline will speak to this and also suggestion that if you want to build a successful event have to engaging these other groups.
OA Week Activity Suggestion Tool:  https://whatcanidoforopenaccess.org
    Based on "What you can do for Mozilla" tool.
    
    
    

    
    
